# Branching strategy:
For the branching strategy, our group chose Github flow because we think it is the most suitable branching strategy to work in distance, as well as easy to understand by “newbie”.Thus, it is the most simple branching strategy that we discuss in this course.

From the article “GitHub Flow” by Scott Chacon, we learn that by deploying a small branch regularly (after a few hours after working on it), we can avoid the hassle of debugging after merging with our group member code. The process of branching in our group using Git flow strategy is pretty straight forward. First, we create a branch from master when we start a new dev task such as, creating a GUI, creating a test file, etc. Then we will commit that branch to our local server. Group members who happen to work on the same issue will work off that branch and constantly merge and push their work on that branch, after we are satisfied with our work. One of our group members will create a merge request to the master, and another group member will preview the code; when we all agree that the code and work are good to go, we merge it to the master branch.

Our group thinks this strategy works very well, we don’t have to worry about the conflict while merging our code, or keep track of numerous branches. Moreover, the master branch always got updated, and almost the latest version of the whole iteration 1 working progress. Therefore, it is really important that we need to make sure the code works well in the master branch, and have people in our group preview the merged request branch.
